Fort Knox - Stealth/Loud, Infinite
To preface this, let me say that this heist could take place pretty much anywhere, the US Treasury or Federal Reserve Bank would be equally viable options. I’ve been wanting a heist that seems… “bigger”, the same grand feeling Big Bank has. I’ve also wanted more infinite heists, particularly for stealth. Thus: Fort Knox.
Okay gang, this one is going to be big. I’ve made preparations for a hit on the world’s largest depository of gold bullion… Fort Knox. Civilians haven’t seen the inside of this place for decades. Guess we’ll be the first.

The map is made up of four main warehouses in an electric-fence surrounded yard. The warehouses contain baggable gold and forklifts. More than four military outfitted guards with pagers spawn but only some will go near the warehouses. Civilian workers roam the map. The map has auxiliary buildings that are randomly be assigned different roles, with a few useless.
Barracks - Opens with a keycard, acts like the armory from hoxout
Infirmary - Opens with a keycard, acts like the infirmary from hoxout
Security Office - Controls cameras, used during one of the random events
Generator Room - Used to disable/enable electric fence and elevators. While power is off, neither will function and police will enter over fence.
Office - Has computers for hacking later on

The heist can be completed relatively easy if the infinite portion is neglected. The warehouses spawn with a decent amount of gold. On Overkill, two warehouses must be opened minimum to acquire the desired amount of loot. On DW, three must be opened. There is a rare chance for a warehouse to contain a few artifacts in place of gold. The objectives are as follows:
Stealth:
Gain entry to the warehouses (Randomized objective per warehouse)
May be already opened with two pager-less guards by entrance
May be already opened with more civilians
May require computer to be hacked in offices
May require iris scan by general (spawns outside somewhere, civ)
May require keycard, timelock
Bag the gold
(Optional) Use the elevators to obtain more gold
Escape!

Loud:
Gain entry to the warehouses (If stealth is broken, remaining warehouses must be opened this way)
Main entry method is Thermal Drill, one is dropped by Alex the other can be acquired via preplanning
4 shaped charges can blow a hole in the side of a warehouse, bypassing the need for the drill
Bag the gold
(Optional) Use the elevators to obtain more gold
Escape!


One elevator spawns in each warehouse, on OVK and Death Wish only 3 spawn. Elevators are activated on a timer, and are used to obtain more gold. Players can't use the elevator themselves, instead players activate them and they descend on their own. The elevators are on a timer, as Bain explains that his inside man will load them with gold from the lower levels of the complex. It takes a while, but all three/four can be used at once provided players are okay with spreading themselves thin. Random events will occur on stealth and occasionally on loud to add difficulty, meaning that players will likely fail at some point. In stealth, players may throw their body bags in the elevator, which will be emptied and returned allowing for a renewable source of body bags. Guards will alert to an in-use elevator.
Stealth:
Bain will warn the crew that a new shift is starting. Two pager-less police officers will path towards any in-use elevator.
A security override will be required on one of the elevators, requiring a hack at the security office.
Bain's inside man will request thermite from the van to be delivered to the elevator before it will descend. This requires the players to disable the electric fence.
A security code must be entered on one of the elevators, like the Alesso minigame with Bain giving instructions. An incorrect instruction will spawn two pager-less officers. (Or set off the alarm?)
Additional civilians will spawn from the front entrance and path around the map.
A phone call will come in to the security office, with a timeout that will result in the alarm. Gives the players ample time to get to the office.
Loud:
Occasionally, a dozer will spawn in the elevator upon its return to the surface. Skulldozer on DW.
Sometimes, there will be a cloaker in the elevator on its return.
A group of swats may return with the elevator.
Bain's inside man will request thermite from the van to be delivered to the elevator before it will descend. This requires the players to disable the electric fence or go through the dangerous front entrance.
Beyond these events, the heist is infinite much like Cook Off or White Xmas.

Preplanning is also included with a variety of options including entrance and escapes. The van sits outside the compound and always acts as a loot dropoff/escape unless otherwise noted. Loud only escapes will default to Truck during stealth. 12 points.
Entrances/Escapes:
Truck - 0 points. Much like Watchdogs day 1, players start in the back of a truck that is inside the compound, near the entrance. Acts as escape unless additional route chosen or the heist goes loud. Loot secured to the van.
Tunnel - 4 points. Players start outside the facility by the van, an underground tunnel leads into one of the warehouses. Eliminates the need to disable fence. Loot and escape is in the van.
Elevator Trick - 8 points. Underground tunnel connects to lower levels of the compound. Elevator time increased by 1 minute per cycle, Bain's inside man secures loot for you. Elevator acts as escape. No van.
Airlift - 6 points. Loud. Flare signals helicopter to land on roof of chosen warehouse. Acts as escape and loot dropoff, but helicopter takes time to land and will takeoff after a set period of time. No van.
Dump Truck - 6 points. Heist begins loud. Dump truck crashes into one of the warehouses, opening it and serving as the loot drop off and escape. Alex does not drop a thermal drill, it instead spawns in the truckbed. One portion of the fence is destroyed, allowing cops in and you out.
Additional Mission Equipment:
Additional Thermal Drill - 2 points. Thermal drill will spawn in the back of the truck / in the tunnel / in the dump truck bed. Alex will still drop a thermal drill when the heist goes loud.
Insider Help:
Additional Loaders - 2 points. Shaves off a few seconds from elevator time.
Supply Line - 6 points. Supplies are smuggled in over the prior week. Elevator very rarely returns with an unupgraded ammo bag, grenade case, or health kit.
Keycard - 2 points.
Blueprints - 2 points. Marks location of security office, shows which warehouses have elevators.
Dead Drop:
Ammo Kit - 2 points.
Doctor Bag - 2 points.
Body Bags - 2 points.
Grenade Case - 2 points.
Surveillance:
Camera Access - 2 points.
Spycam - 2 points.
Additional Camera - 1 point.


